Support filtering ingresses on `ingressClassName` as well as deprecated kubernetes.io/ingress.class annotation (#2054)
kubernetes-sigs/external-dns: docs/faq.md

The internal one should provision hostnames used on the internal network (perhaps inside a VPC), and the external
one to expose DNS to the internet.

To do this with ExternalDNS you can use the `--ingress-class` to specifically tie an instance of ExternalDNS to
an instance of a ingress controller. Let's assume you have two ingress controllers `nginx-internal` and `nginx-external`
then you can start two ExternalDNS providers one with `--ingress-class=nginx-internal` and one with `--ingress-class=nginx-external`.

If you need to search for multiple ingress classes, you can specify the argument multiple times, like so:
`--ingress-class=nginx-internal --ingress-class=alb-ingress-internal`.

The `--ingress-class` argument will check both the `ingressClassName` field as well as the deprecated `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation.

Note: the `--ingress-class` argument cannot be used at the same time as a `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation filter; if you do this an error will be raised.

> Beware when using multiple sources, e.g. `--source=service --source=ingress`, `--annotation-filter` will filter every given source objects.

Author: Nice, thanks! I've expanded the faq about this topic

The internal one should provision hostnames used on the internal network (perhaps inside a VPC), and the external
one to expose DNS to the internet.

> To do this with ExternalDNS you can use the `--ingress-class` to specifically tie an instance of ExternalDNS to
> an instance of a ingress controller. Let's assume you have two ingress controllers `nginx-internal` and `nginx-external`
> then you can start two ExternalDNS providers one with `--ingress-class=nginx-internal` and one with `--ingress-class=nginx-external`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do this with ExternalDNS you can use the `--ingress-class` flag to specifically tie an instance of ExternalDNS to
an instance of a ingress controller. Let's assume you have two ingress controllers, `nginx-internal` and `nginx-external`.
You can then start two ExternalDNS providers, one with `--ingress-class=nginx-internal` and one with `--ingress-class=nginx-external`.
```

If you need to search for multiple ingress classes, you can specify the argument multiple times, like so:
`--ingress-class=nginx-internal --ingress-class=alb-ingress-internal`.

> The `--ingress-class` argument will check both the `ingressClassName` field as well as the deprecated `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--ingress-class` flag will check both the `ingressClassName` field and the deprecated `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation.
```

Reviewer 2: “argument” is preferable. Golang calls command line arguments “flags” whether the type is a boolean or not, but the rest of the world of IT typically uses “flag” just for booleans (maybe tristates).

> Note: the `--ingress-class` argument cannot be used at the same time as a `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation filter; if you do this an error will be raised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: the `--ingress-class` flag cannot be used at the same time as a `kubernetes.io/ingress.class` annotation filter; if you do this an error will be raised.
```

Reviewer 2: See https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/external-dns/pull/2054/files#r1071303410

If you use annotations to indicate different ingress classes in your cluster, you can instead use an `--annotation-filter` argument to restrict which objects ExternalDNS considers; for example, `--annotation-filter=kubernetes.io/ingress.class in (public,dmz)`.

However, beware when using annotation filters with multiple sources, e.g. `--source=service --source=ingress`, since `--annotation-filter` will filter every given source objects.
If you need to use annotation filters against a specific source you have to run a separated external dns service containing only the wanted `--source`  and `--annotation-filter`.

**Note:** Filtering based on annotation or ingress class name means that the external-dns controller will receive all resources of that kind and then filter on the client-side.
In larger clusters with many resources which change frequently this can cause performance issues. If only some resources need to be managed by an instance

> of external-dns then label filtering can be used instead of annotation filtering. This means that only those resources which match the selector specified

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of external-dns then label filtering can be used instead of ingress class filtering (or legacy annotation filtering). This means that only those resources which match the selector specified
```
?
